Welcome back to YouTube Rewind
We’ve got two special guests with us
Ok Lele and Liza tell me about 2017
Oh no
Hey yea
Despacito
Quiero respirar tu cuello despacito
Deja que te diga cosas al oído
Para que te acuerdes si no estás conmigo
(sube, sube, sube, sube)
(I’m in love with the shape of you)
Quiero ver bailar tu pelo, quiero ser tu ritmo
Que le enseñes a mi boca
Tus lugares favoritos
Pasito a pasito, suave suavecito
Nos vamos pegando poquito a poquito
(I’m in love with the shape of you)
(Aye yea)
Nobody pray for me
Even a day for me
Way (yeah, yeah!)
(Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up) sit down
(Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up) be humble
be humble
(Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up) sit down
Sit down (yeah!)
Everyday discovering something brand new
(brand new)
Now I'm singing like
Girl, you know I want your love
Your love was handmade for somebody like me
I may be crazy, don't mind me
Say, come now follow my lead
I'm in love with your body
Oh—I—oh—I—oh—I—oh—I
(Come, come on now, follow my lead)
Come, come on now, follow my lead
I'm in love with the shape of you
Oh—I—oh—I—oh—I—oh—I
Come, come on now, follow my lead
I'm in love with your body
Come on, be my baby, come on
Come on, be my baby
Hold up
Oh—I—oh—I—oh—I—oh—I
(This that Grey Poupon, that Evian, that TED Talk)
Sit down, be humble
Sit down
Oh—I—oh—I—oh—I—oh—I
Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me (world is gonna roll me)
Hold up
All you have to do is stay a minute
Just take your time
The clock is ticking, so stay a second
Your hands on mine, on mine
The clock is ticking, so stay
All you have to do is stay
...much of the Houston area is still in a state of disrepair...
...received reports of an explosion...
…organizar el concierto de Ariana Grande.
మెక్సికోలోనే గత 100 ఏళ్ళలో అత్యంత తీవ్రతరమైన
...this is a very difficult time, but we've been through very difficult times before...
So many brothers and sisters that have come to help...
The community rallying to show its support...
…junto con voluntarios se organizaron para retirar los escombros.
Long lines are now wrapping around one of the blood banks...
...and that are doing all they can and are helping...
Le vivre ensemble, c’est bien. Mais construire ensemble, c’est encore mieux.
This is a moment where we stand up for one another
Yeah, you're lookin' at the truth, the money never lie no
I'm the one, yeah, I'm the one
Early mornin' in the dawn, know you wanna ride now
(I'm the one, yea)
Si te pido un beso ven dámelo
Yo sé que estás pensándolo
Llevo tiempo intentándolo
Mami, esto es dando y dándolo
Sabes que tu corazón conmigo te hace bom, bom
Sabes que esa beba está buscando de mi bom, bom
Don't you know girl, don't you know girl
I am the one for you  (My left stroke just went viral)
I am the one for you
All you have to do is stay (Sit down)
Just take your time
Sit down (sit down)
Be humble, (Be humble)
Floor is lava!
Pasito a pasito, suave suavecito
Nos vamos pegando poquito a poquito
I’m Poppy
(Pasito a pasito, suave suavecito)
Man’s not hot!
(Nos vamos pegando poquito a poquito)
Guess I need you (Come on be my baby)
And I need to (Come on be my baby)
Guess I need you
All you have to do is stay a minute
Just take your time
Yeah, you're sick of all those other imitators
Don't let the only real one intimidate ya
Nobody pray for me
Even a day for me
Everyday discovering something brand new
I'm in love with the shape of you
Nobody pray for me
Even a day for me
Make it on your own, but I don't want to grow up,
we can stay forever young
All you have to do is stay
Sorry guys, looks like you were interrupted there
You were about to tell me about 2017?
It was, uh
It was, it was good.
Okay.